Write troubleshooting docs for max alerts warning (#3262)
elastic/security-docs: docs/detections/rules-ui-monitor.asciidoc

* {kibana-ref}/task-manager-health-monitoring.html[Task Manager health monitoring]
* {kibana-ref}/task-manager-troubleshooting.html[Task Manager troubleshooting]

[float]
[[troubleshoot-max-alerts]]

> ==== Troubleshoot max alerts warning

Reviewer: Using full word to match wording in the error message:
```suggestion
==== Troubleshoot maximum alerts warning
```

> When a rule reaches the maximum number of alerts it can generate in a single rule execution, the following warning is displayed on the rule's details page and in the rule execution log: `This rule reached the maximum alert limit for the rule execution. Some alerts were not created.` 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When a rule reaches the maximum number of alerts it can generate during a single rule execution, the following warning appears on the rule's details page and in the rule execution log: `This rule reached the maximum alert limit for the rule execution. Some alerts were not created.` 
```

> If you receive this warning, check the alerts and determine whether they should've been created. If any were wrongfully created, start investigating what caused the excess alerts. For example, check the rule's data source for possible issues or modify the rule's query if it's too broad in scope.

Reviewer 3: > If you receive this warning, check the alerts and determine whether they should've been created. If any were wrongfully created,

I'm not sure if I would phrase the logic this way. If their query was too permissive, the alerts generated wouldn't be "wrongfully created", they'd still be correctly generated based on the query. Perhaps something more like "ensure the rule is generating the alerts you would expect to see".

Author: @dplumlee I see what you're saying. Labeling alerts generated from a broadly-scoped query as "wrongfully created", simply they were because they were created in excess, isn't technically correct. How about something like the following: 

```suggestion
If you receive this warning, go to the rule's **Alerts** tab and examine the alerts for anything unexpected. Unexpected alerts might be created from data source issues or queries that are too broadly-scoped.
```

> If you receive this warning, check the alerts and determine whether they should've been created. If any were wrongfully created, start investigating what caused the excess alerts. For example, check the rule's data source for possible issues or modify the rule's query if it's too broad in scope.

Reviewer 3: > For example, check the rule's data source for possible issues or modify the rule's query if it's too broad in scope.

I think this is a good first step for triaging, @marshallmain brought up a good idea of referencing alert suppression for KQL rules and rule exceptions to limit alert volume as well.

Author: Yeah, it could be helpful to include tips for controlling alert volume as well -- especially if those tips apply to specific rule types. How about something like this:

If you receive this warning, go to the rule's **Alerts** tab and examine the alerts for anything unexpected. Unexpected alerts might be created from data source issues or queries that are too broadly-scoped. To further reduce alert volume, you can also add <<add-exceptions,rule exceptions>> or <<alert-suppression,suppress alerts>>.

Author: Yeah, it could be helpful to include tips for controlling alert volume as well -- especially if those tips apply to specific rule types. How about something like this:

```suggestion
If you receive this warning, go to the rule's **Alerts** tab and examine the alerts for anything unexpected. Unexpected alerts might be created from data source issues or queries that are too broadly-scoped. To further reduce alert volume, you can also add <<add-exceptions,rule exceptions>> or <<alert-suppression,suppress alerts>>. 
```

Reviewer 3: Yeah, I think that reads well

> If you receive this warning, go to the rule's **Alerts** tab and examine the alerts for anything unexpected. Unexpected alerts might be created from data source issues or queries that are too broadly-scoped. To further reduce alert volume, you can also add <<add-exceptions,rule exceptions>> or <<alert-suppression,suppress alerts>>. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you receive this warning, go to the rule's **Alerts** tab and examine the alerts for anything unexpected. Unexpected alerts might be created from data source issues or queries that are too broadly scoped. To further reduce alert volume, you can also add <<add-exceptions,rule exceptions>> or <<alert-suppression,suppress alerts>>. 
```

> If you receive this warning, go to the rule's **Alerts** tab and examine the alerts for anything unexpected. Unexpected alerts might be created from data source issues or queries that are too broadly-scoped. To further reduce alert volume, you can also add <<add-exceptions,rule exceptions>> or <<alert-suppression,suppress alerts>>. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you receive this warning, go to the rule's **Alerts** tab and look for anything unexpected. Unexpected alerts might be created from data source issues or queries that are too broadly-scoped. To further reduce alert volume, you can also add <<add-exceptions,rule exceptions>> or <<alert-suppression,suppress alerts>>. 
```

Author: While "look" totally works, I'd prefer "check" since it's less ableist. :)

> If you receive this warning, go to the rule's **Alerts** tab and examine the alerts for anything unexpected. Unexpected alerts might be created from data source issues or queries that are too broadly scoped. To further reduce alert volume, you can also add <<add-exceptions,rule exceptions>> or <<alert-suppression,suppress alerts>>. 

Author: ```suggestion
If you receive this warning, go to the rule's **Alerts** tab and check for anything unexpected. Unexpected alerts might be created from data source issues or queries that are too broadly scoped. To further reduce alert volume, you can also add <<add-exceptions,rule exceptions>> or <<alert-suppression,suppress alerts>>. 
```
